Add a validate-only flag to support web-init usage (#34)
maykinmedia/django-setup-configuration: README.rst

    python manage.py setup_configuration --yaml-file /path/to/config.yaml

You can also validate that the configuration source can be successfully loaded,
without actually running the steps, by adding the ``validate-only`` flag:

.. code-block:: bash

    python manage.py setup_configuration --yaml-file /path/to/config.yaml --validate-only

The command will either return 0 and a success message if the configuration file can
be loaded without issues, otherwise it will return a non-zero exit code and print any

> validation errors. This can be useful e.g. in CI to validate that your sources are
> validate without actually running any steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
validation errors. This can be useful e.g. in CI to confirm that your sources are
valid without actually running any steps.
```
